docs review of k8s section (#550)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.8.0/docs/kubernetes/06-advanced-topics/high-availability.rst

.. Copyright (c) 2023 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: Apache-2.0

> How to achieve high availability for Daml Enterprise on Kubernetes

Reviewer: This is not really a 'how to', but rather 'here is how HA is achieved'. Hence, I'd suggest changing this to:
```suggestion
How is high availability achieved for Daml Enterprise on Kubernetes
```

> How is high availability achieved for Daml Enterprise on Kubernetes

Author: ```suggestion
How high availability is achieved for Daml Enterprise on Kubernetes
```

> ###########################################################

Author: ```suggestion
###################################################################
```

> ##################################################################

Author: ```suggestion
###########################################################
```

HTTP JSON API server
====================

You achieve high availability through active-active clustering for the HTTP JSON API server component. Note the following:

-  Deploy two replicas by default.
-  There is no `session stickiness <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#session-stickiness>`_.
-  It uses ``/livez`` and ``/readyz`` probes (see the `HTTP JSON API Service documentation <https://docs.daml.com/json-api/index.html#healthcheck-endpoints>`_).

References
**********

Here are selected Kubernetes resource types and concepts that are relevant to
achieve high availability:

-  `Service method <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/>`_

   -  Sends workload only to Pods that are ready.

-  `Deployment <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/>`_
   >
   `ReplicaSet <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/>`_
   > `Pods <https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/>`_

>    -  Tells the Scheduler to try to reach the number of ready Pods you request.

Reviewer: Slight change in meaning, i.e., the below is just a related remark on the above.
```suggestion
   -  The Scheduler tries to reach the number of ready Pods you request at all times.
```
